If you're running an application at scale
in public or private clouds,
you have to tame almost boundless complexity
thousands of hosts
tens of thousands of containers
multiple infrastructure platforms.
All of them generating a
steady stream of data about their health,
work, and performance
Datadog brings together all this observability data,
with infrastructure metrics, traces, and logs
in one integrated platform
you can collect data from hundreds of technologies
for visualization, troubleshooting, machine learning, alerting, and more
visualize your entire
infrastructure for a bird's-eye view
sort and filter your hosts using
automatically generated tags
and dive in for a detailed view of any host or container
see how all your services interact
and automatically map your
dependencies to find bottlenecks in your application
if you see something
interesting on a dashboard you can drill
into related processes, hosts, or logs
for more information
your processed logs automatically capture details like
error messages from your application
for more context, you can pivot to end-to-end
traces to see how the user request was carried out
along with the full stack trace from the error
when you need to find the source of an issue
faceted search helps you quickly drill into
all your traces and logs
here we're searching our traces for a specific
customer, service, endpoint, and error code
Datadog automatically alerts you via email, Slack, PagerDuty, and other tools
about any issue in your infrastructure or applications
so you'll find out immediately about any
unexpected traffic spikes,
elevated latency, or looming capacity limits
using automated browser tests run
from around the globe
you can even find out when your users are unable
to complete critical actions like
signing up for an account
and with machine learning features like Watchdog
Datadog automatically detects performance anomalies anywhere in your systems
and surfaces correlated troubleshooting data,
so you can identify the root cause faster
in any stack, for any app, at any scale, anywhere
Datadog brings together metrics, traces, and logs
so you can tame the complexity of the
modern cloud age
start a free trial today, at datadog.com